[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome to my 15
hours study day this is the longest
study with me that I have ever filmed
and I want to first of all just quickly
point out that I do not do 15 hours of
studying every day I don't think I would
have any energy left at all if I were to
do this usually if I'm not doing
anything else that day I will do 10 to
12 hours of work and this isn't always
homework sometimes I like to do
extension projects and things so I
started off my study session today by
doing a philosophy essay and this is one
that I had actually planned the night
before then I moved on to doing an RS
Quizlet and I was using my pumpkin
productivity study planner for this
study session which is one that you can
find on my website I designed it myself
and I find it's perfect for my study
sessions so here I was reading through
my philosophy textbook and also eating
some breakfast which was Rice Krispies
in a mug and then I wrote another essay
this was only a partial si though and it
was philosophy I decided not to do the
whole essay I missed out the last two
paragraphs because they were paragraphs
that I was quite confident on and I knew
that the first three were ones that I
was going to struggle with the most so I
thought it was the most productive use
of my time
and then I got to take it off my to-do
list so here I was using my new cat
Kidston peterpan notebook which I got
for Christmas and I loved it so much and
I just went through and wrote out the
points and facts for ethics which I had
been struggling to remember so when I do
essay plans or essays or mind maps in
blue I will write the things that I had
to refer to my notes to remember and so
I just decided to write them all up in
one place and this clip is actually cut
short so I ended up filling the whole
page but you only see me finishing half
of the page for some reason the other
clip got corrupted then I moved on to
doing some philosophy essay plans and
these were all of my AAS topics which
aren't actually coming up in my mock but
I wanted to go through them and see how
much I could remember
[Music]
so then I went to got myself some water
because it's really important to stay
hydrated when you are studying otherwise
you will find yourself getting rather
unproductive then I moved on to writing
another philosophy essay this morning's
revision really did focus on religious
studies and this is actually only the
introduction to an essay
[Music]
the next I went on to some English and
this was journey's end
so I wrote a practice however off on
rally's eagerness in the play and for
some reason English essays just take me
so long because I'm such perfectionist
when it comes to deciding on which point
to use which is why it took me around 15
minutes or longer to write a single
paragraph but hopefully it still was a
good use of my time because I'll be able
to reuse this paragraph and then I got
out my feather quill and ink and this
red ink is one that I got for Christmas
but unfortunately it got all over my
hands and you'll probably be able to see
later in the video just how red my hands
are for the rest of the video and I was
just writing up some possible critical
quotations which I could use as an essay
title and then discuss them so I went
through and did ones for Osbourne first
and then I did some for Ali and some
first and hope
[Music]
next I just wrote out a list of all of
the winter's tale quotations I wanted to
learn ready for my exam
[Music]
and then I went to made myself a mug of
peach matcha tea which was sent to me by
the merch reserve and which i absolutely
love i will leave a link to it down
below then i got some lunch and I had
some pea soup and some toast
and I just decided to eat this at my
desk today at the same time I was
writing up some acid plans for a long
long way and the poems which is one of
the topics and papers that I have for a
level and then they did the same thing
for journey's end with themes and I just
wrote some very brief essay plans for
each of the possible themes
[Music]
and I decided to have a short break just
because I was feeling quite drained
after that and this is something that I
needed to do anyway I just refined our
family shopping list which we use every
week and I'm going to laminate this and
put it up so that we can highlight the
things which we no longer have in the
fridge and it's a really great system I
recommend doing it and then as an
extended break because I was feeling
like organizing something I decided to
go through my wardrobe I was just
transferring my toiletries into these
two Harry Potter potions crates which I
received for Christmas I love organizing
things but then I decided to light
another candle and this one is from Bath
& Body Works it's in fresh balsam and
it's one of my favorite candle stuff
then I did some more berry and poems
work and I just wrote out one
introduction this was I like to write a
possible introduction as each of the
themes and this one was on views of and
from home next I decided to write an
English essay and this was again on
Barry and the poems
since I was getting dark I decided to
put on my taotronics LOM and then I
finished this my my on links to
different Shakespeare plays to The
Winter's Tale which I started yesterday
and this is just so that I can make a
comparison links in my Shakespeare
essays and then I made an updated to-do
list because I'd only planned for half
of today's study session and I use a
calculator just to calculate how long
each task is going to take me so then I
needed to go over an essay which my
teacher had marked and I just went
through and made all of the corrections
then after that I wrote some more
introductions
and once again here is a clip of my
fairy lights I just love these couple
lights then we went through Keaney berry
points that I could discuss and I just
made some headings and then I went
through my names and I added to these so
that I had a few key moments which I
could talk about in essays and I thought
this is a really good use of my time
then I decided to make some chapter by
chapter summaries for a long long way
and I started doing this but then
halfway through I realized that there
was a document online which had
basically exactly the same information
that I wanted so instead of making my
own I decided to just use this usually
my study sessions are broken on evenly
into chemistry English and rs but today
it breaks primarily on English and RS so
here I decided to do some chemistry of
vision and I just went through the four
mechanisms organic mechanisms which I
struggle with the most
and I just practiced these I got all of
them worked apart from the last one so I
just practiced that again and then I
decided to make my to-do list for
tomorrow which I always like to do on
the night before because it means that I
feel more productive the next day and
just to finish my study session I went
through my bond angles for chemistry
because this is something I think is
useful just to go over frequently so
thank you so much for watching I hope
that you enjoyed this video I hope that
it's able to give you some motivation
for studying yourself thank you again
and have a productive week